Now that we've addressed the Prediction Problem,
we're ready to move on to control.
So, how might an agent determine an optimal policy?
Well build off the algorithm that we use to estimate the action value function.
In that case, after each action is selected,
the agent updates its estimate.
And it's important to note that the agent uses
the same policy at every time step to select the actions.
But now, to adapt this to produce a control algorithm,
we'll gradually change the policy,
so that it becomes more optimal at every time step.
One of the methods we'll use for this is pretty
identical to what we did in the Monte-Carlo case,
where we select the action at every time step by using a policy that's Epsilon-Greedy,
with respect to the current estimate of the action values.
At the initial time step,
we begin by setting Epsilon to one.
Then, A0 and A1 are chosen according to the equal probable random policy.
Then, at all future time steps after an action is chosen,
we update the action-value function and
construct the corresponding Epsilon-Greedy policy.
And as long as we specify appropriate values for Epsilon,
the algorithm is guaranteed to converge to the optimal policy.
The name of this algorithm is Sarsa 0,
also known as Sarsa for short.
The name comes from the fact that each action-value update uses a state-action-reward,
next state, next action, tuple of interaction.